
 <manifest
sharedUserId="android.uid.system"
versionCode="15"
versionName="4.0.3-237985"
sharedUserLabel="Android System"
package="android"
coreApp="true">
  <uses-sdk
minSdkVersion="15"
targetSdkVersion="15">
 </uses-sdk>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.SCREEN_OFF">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.SCREEN_ON">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.USER_PRESENT">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.TIME_TICK">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.TIMEZONE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.BOOT_COMPLETED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_INSTALL">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_ADDED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_REPLACED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.MY_PACKAGE_REPLACED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_REMOVED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_FULLY_REMOVED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_RESTARTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_DATA_CLEARED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_FIRST_LAUNCH">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PACKAGE_NEEDS_VERIFICATION">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.UID_REMOVED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.CONFIGURATION_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.LOCALE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.BATTERY_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.BATTERY_LOW">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.BATTERY_OKAY">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.ACTION_POWER_CONNECTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.ACTION_POWER_DISCONNECTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.ACTION_SHUTDOWN">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.DEVICE_STORAGE_LOW">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.DEVICE_STORAGE_OK">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.DEVICE_STORAGE_FULL">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.DEVICE_STORAGE_NOT_FULL">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.NEW_OUTGOING_CALL">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.REBOOT">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.DOCK_EVENT">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.MASTER_CLEAR_NOTIFICATION">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.app.action.ENTER_CAR_MODE">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.app.action.EXIT_CAR_MODE">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.app.action.ENTER_DESK_MODE">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.app.action.EXIT_DESK_MODE">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.backup.intent.RUN">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.backup.intent.CLEAR">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.backup.intent.INIT">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.adapter.action.STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.adapter.action.SCAN_MODE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.adapter.action.DISCOVERY_STARTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.adapter.action.DISCOVERY_FINISHED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.adapter.action.LOCAL_NAME_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.adapter.action.CONNECTION_STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.FOUND">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.DISAPPEARED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.CLASS_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.ACL_CONNECTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.ACL_DISCONNECT_REQUESTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.ACL_DISCONNECTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.NAME_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.BOND_STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.NAME_FAILED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.PAIRING_REQUEST">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.PAIRING_CANCEL">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.device.action.CONNECTION_ACCESS_REPLY">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.headset.profile.action.CONNECTION_STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.headset.profile.action.AUDIO_STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.headset.action.VENDOR_SPECIFIC_HEADSET_EVENT">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.a2dp.profile.action.CONNECTION_STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.a2dp.profile.action.PLAYING_STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.input.profile.action.CONNECTION_STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.bluetooth.pan.profile.action.CONNECTION_STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.hardware.usb.action.USB_STATE">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.hardware.usb.action.USB_ACCESSORY_ATTACHED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.hardware.usb.action.USB_ACCESSORY_ATTACHED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.hardware.usb.action.USB_DEVICE_ATTACHED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.hardware.usb.action.USB_DEVICE_DETACHED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.net.conn.CONNECTIVITY_CHANGE">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.net.conn.CONNECTIVITY_CHANGE_IMMEDIATE">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.nfc.action.LLCP_LINK_STATE_CHANGED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="com.android.nfc_extras.action.RF_FIELD_ON_DETECTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="com.android.nfc_extras.action.RF_FIELD_OFF_DETECTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="com.android.nfc_extras.action.AID_SELECTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.nfc.action.TRANSACTION_DETECTED">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.CLEAR_DNS_CACHE">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <protected-broadcast
name="android.intent.action.PROXY_CHANGE">
 </protected-broadcast>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Services that cost you money"
name="android.permission-group.COST_MONEY"
description="Allow applications to do things that can cost you money.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="send SMS messages"
name="android.permission.SEND_SMS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.COST_MONEY"
description="Allows application to send SMS messages. Malicious applications may cost you money by sending messages without your confirmation.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="send SMS messages with no confirmation"
name="android.permission.SEND_SMS_NO_CONFIRMATION"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.COST_MONEY"
description="Allows application to send SMS messages. Malicious applications may cost you money by sending messages without your confirmation.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="directly call phone numbers"
name="android.permission.CALL_PHONE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.COST_MONEY"
description="Allows the application to call phone numbers without your intervention. Malicious applications may cause unexpected calls on your phone bill. Note that this does not allow the application to call emergency numbers.">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Your messages"
name="android.permission-group.MESSAGES"
description="Read and write your SMS, e-mail, and other messages.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="receive SMS"
name="android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.MESSAGES"
description="Allows application to receive and process SMS messages. Malicious applications may monitor your messages or delete them without showing them to you.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="receive MMS"
name="android.permission.RECEIVE_MMS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.MESSAGES"
description="Allows application to receive and process MMS messages. Malicious applications may monitor your messages or delete them without showing them to you.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="receive emergency broadcasts"
name="android.permission.RECEIVE_EMERGENCY_BROADCAST"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.MESSAGES"
description="Allows application to receive and process emergency broadcast messages. This permission is only available to system applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read SMS or MMS"
name="android.permission.READ_SMS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.MESSAGES"
description="Allows application to read SMS messages stored on your phone or SIM card. Malicious applications may read your confidential messages.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="edit SMS or MMS"
name="android.permission.WRITE_SMS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.MESSAGES"
description="Allows application to write to SMS messages stored on your phone or SIM card. Malicious applications may delete your messages.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="receive WAP"
name="android.permission.RECEIVE_WAP_PUSH"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.MESSAGES"
description="Allows application to receive and process WAP messages. Malicious applications may monitor your messages or delete them without showing them to you.">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Your personal information"
name="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Direct access to your contacts and calendar stored on the phone.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="read contact data"
name="android.permission.READ_CONTACTS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows an application to read all of the contact (address) data stored on your phone. Malicious applications can use this to send your data to other people.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="write contact data"
name="android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows an application to modify the contact (address) data stored on your phone. Malicious applications can use this to erase or modify your contact data.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read your profile data"
name="android.permission.READ_PROFILE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows the application to read personal profile information stored on your device, such as your name and contact information. This means the application can identify you and send your profile information to others.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="write to your profile data"
name="android.permission.WRITE_PROFILE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows the application to change or add to personal profile information stored on your device, such as your name and contact information. This means other applications can identify you and send your profile information to others.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read your social stream"
name="android.permission.READ_SOCIAL_STREAM"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows the application to access and sync social updates from you and your friends. Malicious apps can use this to read private communications between you and your friends on social networks.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="write to your social stream"
name="android.permission.WRITE_SOCIAL_STREAM"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows the application to display social updates from your friends. Malicious apps can use this to pretend to be a friend and trick you into revealing passwords or other confidential information.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read calendar events plus confidential information"
name="android.permission.READ_CALENDAR"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows an application to read all calendar events stored on your phone, including those of friends or coworkers. A malicious application with this permission can extract personal information from these calendars without the owners' knowledge.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="add or modify calendar events and send email to guests without owners' knowledge"
name="android.permission.WRITE_CALENDAR"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows an application to send event invitations as the calendar owner and add, remove, change events that you can modify on your device, including those of friends or co-workers. A malicious application with this permission can send spam emails that appear to come from calendar owners, modify events without the owners' knowledge, or add fake events.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read user defined dictionary"
name="android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows an application to read any private words, names and phrases that the user may have stored in the user dictionary.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="write to user defined dictionary"
name="android.permission.WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows an application to write new words into the user dictionary.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read Browser's history and bookmarks"
name="com.android.browser.permission.READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows the application to read all the URLs that the Browser has visited, and all of the Browser's bookmarks.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="write Browser's history and bookmarks"
name="com.android.browser.permission.WRITE_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows an application to modify the Browser's history or bookmarks stored on your phone. Malicious applications can use this to erase or modify your Browser's data.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="set alarm in alarm clock"
name="com.android.alarm.permission.SET_ALARM"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows the application to set an alarm in an installed alarm clock application. Some alarm clock applications may not implement this feature.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="add voicemail"
name="com.android.voicemail.permission.ADD_VOICEMAIL"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows the application to add messages to your voicemail inbox.">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Your location"
name="android.permission-group.LOCATION"
description="Monitor your physical location">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="fine (GPS) location"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.LOCATION"
description="Access fine location sources such as the Global Positioning System on the phone, where available. Malicious applications can use this to determine where you are, and may consume additional battery power.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="coarse (network-based) location"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.LOCATION"
description="Access coarse location sources such as the cellular network database to determine an approximate phone location, where available. Malicious applications can use this to determine approximately where you are.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="mock location sources for testing"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.LOCATION"
description="Create mock location sources for testing. Malicious applications can use this to override the location and/or status returned by real location sources such as GPS or Network providers.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="access extra location provider commands"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_LOCATION_EXTRA_COMMANDS"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.LOCATION"
description="Access extra location provider commands. Malicious applications could use this to interfere with the operation of the GPS or other location sources.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="permission to install a location provider"
name="android.permission.INSTALL_LOCATION_PROVIDER"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Create mock location sources for testing. Malicious applications can use this to override the location and/or status returned by real location sources such as GPS or Network providers or monitor and report your location to an external source.">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Network communication"
name="android.permission-group.NETWORK"
description="Allow applications to access various network features.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="full Internet access"
name="android.permission.INTERNET"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.NETWORK"
description="Allows an application to create network sockets.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="view network state"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.NETWORK"
description="Allows an application to view the state of all networks.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="view Wi-Fi state"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.NETWORK"
description="Allows an application to view the information about the state of Wi-Fi.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="view WiMAX state"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_WIMAX_STATE"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.NETWORK"
description="Allows an application to view the information about the state of WiMAX.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="create Bluetooth connections"
name="android.permission.BLUETOOTH"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.NETWORK"
description="Allows an application to view configuration of the local Bluetooth phone, and to make and accept connections with paired devices.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="control Near Field Communication"
name="android.permission.NFC"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.NETWORK"
description="Allows an application to communicate with Near Field Communication (NFC) tags, cards, and readers.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="make/receive Internet calls"
name="android.permission.USE_SIP"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.NETWORK"
description="Allows an application to use the SIP service to make/receive Internet calls.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="act as the AccountManagerService"
name="android.permission.ACCOUNT_MANAGER"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.ACCOUNTS"
description="Allows an application to make calls to AccountAuthenticators">
 </permission>
  <permission
name="android.permission.CONNECTIVITY_INTERNAL"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.NETWORK">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Your accounts"
name="android.permission-group.ACCOUNTS"
description="Access the available accounts.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="discover known accounts"
name="android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.ACCOUNTS"
description="Allows an application to get the list of accounts known by the phone.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="act as an account authenticator"
name="android.permission.AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.ACCOUNTS"
description="Allows an application to use the account authenticator capabilities of the AccountManager, including creating accounts and getting and setting their passwords.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="use the authentication credentials of an account"
name="android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.ACCOUNTS"
description="Allows an application to request authentication tokens.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="manage the accounts list"
name="android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.ACCOUNTS"
description="Allows an application to perform operations like adding, and removing accounts and deleting their password.">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Hardware controls"
name="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS"
description="Direct access to hardware on the handset.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="change your audio settings"
name="android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS"
description="Allows application to modify global audio settings such as volume and routing.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="record audio"
name="android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS"
description="Allows application to access the audio record path.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="take pictures and videos"
name="android.permission.CAMERA"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS"
description="Allows application to take pictures and videos with the camera. This allows the application at any time to collect images the camera is seeing.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="control vibrator"
name="android.permission.VIBRATE"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS"
description="Allows the application to control the vibrator.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="control flashlight"
name="android.permission.FLASHLIGHT"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS"
description="Allows the application to control the flashlight.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="manage preferences and permissions for USB devices"
name="android.permission.MANAGE_USB"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS"
description="Allows the application to manage preferences and permissions for USB devices.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="implement MTP protocol"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_MTP"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS"
description="Allows access to the kernel MTP driver to implement the MTP USB protocol.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="test hardware"
name="android.permission.HARDWARE_TEST"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS"
description="Allows the application to control various peripherals for the purpose of hardware testing.">
 </permission>
  <permission
name="android.permission.NET_ADMIN"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Phone calls"
name="android.permission-group.PHONE_CALLS"
description="Monitor, record, and process phone calls.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="intercept outgoing calls"
name="android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PHONE_CALLS"
description="Allows application to process outgoing calls and change the number to be dialed. Malicious applications may monitor, redirect, or prevent outgoing calls.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="modify phone state"
name="android.permission.MODIFY_PHONE_STATE"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PHONE_CALLS"
description="Allows the application to control the phone features of the device. An application with this permission can switch networks, turn the phone radio on and off and the like without ever notifying you.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read phone state and identity"
name="android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PHONE_CALLS"
description="Allows the application to access the phone features of the device. An application with this permission can determine the phone number and serial number of this phone, whether a call is active, the number that call is connected to and the like.">
 </permission>
  <permission
name="android.permission.READ_PRIVILEGED_PHONE_STATE"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PHONE_CALLS">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Storage"
name="android.permission-group.STORAGE"
description="Access the SD card.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="modify/delete SD card contents"
name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.STORAGE"
description="Allows an application to write to the SD card.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="modify/delete internal media storage contents"
name="android.permission.WRITE_MEDIA_STORAGE"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.STORAGE"
description="Allows an application to modify the contents of the internal media storage.">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="System tools"
name="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Lower-level access and control of the system.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="modify global system settings"
name="android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to modify the system's settings data. Malicious applications can corrupt your system's configuration.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="modify secure system settings"
name="android.permission.WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to modify the system's secure settings data. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="modify the Google services map"
name="android.permission.WRITE_GSERVICES"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to modify the Google services map. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="expand/collapse status bar"
name="android.permission.EXPAND_STATUS_BAR"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows application to expand or collapse the status bar.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="retrieve running applications"
name="android.permission.GET_TASKS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows application to retrieve information about currently and recently running tasks. May allow malicious applications to discover private information about other applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="reorder running applications"
name="android.permission.REORDER_TASKS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to move tasks to the foreground and background. Malicious applications can force themselves to the front without your control.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="stop running applications"
name="android.permission.REMOVE_TASKS"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to remove tasks and kill their applications. Malicious applications can disrupt the behavior of other applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="change your UI settings"
name="android.permission.CHANGE_CONFIGURATION"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to change the current configuration, such as the locale or overall font size.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="kill background processes"
name="android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to kill background processes of other applications, even if memory isn't low.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="kill background processes"
name="android.permission.KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to kill background processes of other applications, even if memory isn't low.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="force stop other applications"
name="android.permission.FORCE_STOP_PACKAGES"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to forcibly stop other applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="retrieve system internal state"
name="android.permission.DUMP"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows application to retrieve internal state of the system. Malicious applications may retrieve a wide variety of private and secure information that they should never normally need.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="retrieve screen content"
name="android.permission.RETRIEVE_WINDOW_CONTENT"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows application to retrieve the content of the active window. Malicious applications may retrieve the entire window content and examine all its text except passwords.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="display system-level alerts"
name="android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to show system alert windows. Malicious applications can take over the entire screen.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="modify global animation speed"
name="android.permission.SET_ANIMATION_SCALE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to change the global animation speed (faster or slower animations) at any time.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="make application always run"
name="android.permission.PERSISTENT_ACTIVITY"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to make parts of itself persistent, so the system can't use it for other applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="measure application storage space"
name="android.permission.GET_PACKAGE_SIZE"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to retrieve its code, data, and cache sizes">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="set preferred applications"
name="android.permission.SET_PREFERRED_APPLICATIONS"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to modify your preferred applications. This can allow malicious applications to silently change the applications that are run, spoofing your existing applications to collect private data from you.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="automatically start at boot"
name="android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to have itself started as soon as the system has finished booting. This can make it take longer to start the phone and allow the application to slow down the overall phone by always running.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="send sticky broadcast"
name="android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to send sticky broadcasts, which remain after the broadcast ends. Malicious applications can make the phone slow or unstable by causing it to use too much memory.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="prevent phone from sleeping"
name="android.permission.WAKE_LOCK"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to prevent the phone from going to sleep.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="set wallpaper"
name="android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows the application to set the system wallpaper.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="set wallpaper size hints"
name="android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER_HINTS"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows the application to set the system wallpaper size hints.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="set time"
name="android.permission.SET_TIME"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to change the phone's clock time.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="set time zone"
name="android.permission.SET_TIME_ZONE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to change the phone's time zone.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="mount and unmount filesystems"
name="android.permission.MOUNT_UNMOUNT_FILESYSTEMS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows the application to mount and unmount filesystems for removable storage.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="format external storage"
name="android.permission.MOUNT_FORMAT_FILESYSTEMS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows the application to format removable storage.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="get information on internal storage"
name="android.permission.ASEC_ACCESS"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows the application to get information on internal storage.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="create internal storage"
name="android.permission.ASEC_CREATE"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows the application to create internal storage.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="destroy internal storage"
name="android.permission.ASEC_DESTROY"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows the application to destroy internal storage.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="mount / unmount internal storage"
name="android.permission.ASEC_MOUNT_UNMOUNT"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows the application to mount / unmount internal storage.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="rename internal storage"
name="android.permission.ASEC_RENAME"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows the application to rename internal storage.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="disable keylock"
name="android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to disable the keylock and any associated password security. A legitimate example of this is the phone disabling the keylock when receiving an incoming phone call, then re-enabling the keylock when the call is finished.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read sync settings"
name="android.permission.READ_SYNC_SETTINGS"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to read the sync settings, such as whether sync is enabled for Contacts.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="write sync settings"
name="android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to modify the sync settings, such as whether sync is enabled for Contacts.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read sync statistics"
name="android.permission.READ_SYNC_STATS"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to read the sync stats; e.g., the history of syncs that have occurred.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="change/intercept network settings and traffic"
name="android.permission.WRITE_APN_SETTINGS"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to change network settings and to intercept and inspect all network traffic, for example to change the proxy and port of any APN. Malicious applications could monitor, redirect, or modify network packets without your knowledge.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read subscribed feeds"
name="android.permission.SUBSCRIBED_FEEDS_READ"
protectionLevel="0"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to get details about the currently synced feeds.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="write subscribed feeds"
name="android.permission.SUBSCRIBED_FEEDS_WRITE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to modify your currently synced feeds. This could allow a malicious application to change your synced feeds.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="change network connectivity"
name="android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to change the state of network connectivity.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="change Wi-Fi state"
name="android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to connect to and disconnect from Wi-Fi access points, and to make changes to configured Wi-Fi networks.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="change WiMAX state"
name="android.permission.CHANGE_WIMAX_STATE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to connect to and disconnect from WiMAX network.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="allow Wi-Fi Multicast reception"
name="android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_MULTICAST_STATE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to receive packets not directly addressed to your device. This can be useful when discovering services offered near by. It uses more power than the non-multicast mode.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="bluetooth administration"
name="android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to configure the local Bluetooth phone, and to discover and pair with remote devices.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="delete all application cache data"
name="android.permission.CLEAR_APP_CACHE"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to free phone storage by deleting files in application cache directory. Access is very restricted usually to system process.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read sensitive log data"
name="android.permission.READ_LOGS"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows an application to read from the system's various log files. This allows it to discover general information about what you are doing with the phone, potentially including personal or private information.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="use any media decoder for playback"
name="android.permission.ALLOW_ANY_CODEC_FOR_PLAYBACK"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to use any installed media decoder to decode for playback.">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission-group
label="Development tools"
name="android.permission-group.DEVELOPMENT_TOOLS"
description="Features only needed for application developers.">
 </permission-group>
  <permission
label="enable application debugging"
name="android.permission.SET_DEBUG_APP"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.DEVELOPMENT_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to turn on debugging for another application. Malicious applications can use this to kill other applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="limit number of running processes"
name="android.permission.SET_PROCESS_LIMIT"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.DEVELOPMENT_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to control the maximum number of processes that will run. Never needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="make all background applications close"
name="android.permission.SET_ALWAYS_FINISH"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.DEVELOPMENT_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to control whether activities are always finished as soon as they go to the background. Never needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="send Linux signals to applications"
name="android.permission.SIGNAL_PERSISTENT_PROCESSES"
protectionLevel="1"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.DEVELOPMENT_TOOLS"
description="Allows application to request that the supplied signal be sent to all persistent processes.">
 </permission>
  <eat-comment>
 </eat-comment>
  <permission
label="read/write to resources owned by diag"
name="android.permission.DIAGNOSTIC"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to read and write to any resource owned by the diag group; for example, files in /dev. This could potentially affect system stability and security. This should be ONLY be used for hardware-specific diagnostics by the manufacturer or operator.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="disable or modify status bar"
name="android.permission.STATUS_BAR"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows application to disable the status bar or add and remove system icons.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="status bar"
name="android.permission.STATUS_BAR_SERVICE"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the application to be the status bar.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="force application to close"
name="android.permission.FORCE_BACK"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows an application to force any activity that is in the foreground to close and go back. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="modify battery statistics"
name="android.permission.UPDATE_DEVICE_STATS"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows the modification of collected battery statistics. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="display unauthorized windows"
name="android.permission.INTERNAL_SYSTEM_WINDOW"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the creation of windows that are intended to be used by the internal system user interface. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="manage application tokens"
name="android.permission.MANAGE_APP_TOKENS"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows applications to create and manage their own tokens, bypassing their normal Z-ordering. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="press keys and control buttons"
name="android.permission.INJECT_EVENTS"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows an application to deliver its own input events (key presses, etc.) to other applications. Malicious applications can use this to take over the phone.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="monitor and control all application launching"
name="android.permission.SET_ACTIVITY_WATCHER"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows an application to monitor and control how the system launches activities. Malicious applications may completely compromise the system. This permission is only needed for development, never for normal use.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="partial shutdown"
name="android.permission.SHUTDOWN"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Puts the activity manager into a shutdown state. Does not perform a complete shutdown.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="prevent app switches"
name="android.permission.STOP_APP_SWITCHES"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Prevents the user from switching to another application.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="record what you type and actions you take"
name="android.permission.READ_INPUT_STATE"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows applications to watch the keys you press even when interacting with another application (such as entering a password). Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="bind to an input method"
name="android.permission.BIND_INPUT_METHOD"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the holder to bind to the top-level interface of an input method. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="bind to a text service"
name="android.permission.BIND_TEXT_SERVICE"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the holder to bind to the top-level interface of a text service(e.g. SpellCheckerService). Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="bind to a VPN service"
name="android.permission.BIND_VPN_SERVICE"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the holder to bind to the top-level interface of a Vpn service. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="bind to a wallpaper"
name="android.permission.BIND_WALLPAPER"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows the holder to bind to the top-level interface of a wallpaper. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="interact with a device admin"
name="android.permission.BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the holder to send intents to a device administrator. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="change screen orientation"
name="android.permission.SET_ORIENTATION"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows an application to change the rotation of the screen at any time. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="change pointer speed"
name="android.permission.SET_POINTER_SPEED"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows an application to change the mouse or trackpad pointer speed at any time. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="directly install applications"
name="android.permission.INSTALL_PACKAGES"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to install new or updated Android packages. Malicious applications can use this to add new applications with arbitrarily powerful permissions.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="delete other applications' data"
name="android.permission.CLEAR_APP_USER_DATA"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows an application to clear user data.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="delete other applications' caches"
name="android.permission.DELETE_CACHE_FILES"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to delete cache files.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="delete applications"
name="android.permission.DELETE_PACKAGES"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to delete Android packages. Malicious applications can use this to delete important applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="Move application resources"
name="android.permission.MOVE_PACKAGE"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to move application resources from internal to external media and vice versa.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="enable or disable application components"
name="android.permission.CHANGE_COMPONENT_ENABLED_STATE"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to change whether a component of another application is enabled or not. Malicious applications can use this to disable important phone capabilities. Care must be used with this permission, as it is possible to get application components into an unusable, inconsistent, or unstable state.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="access SurfaceFlinger"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_SURFACE_FLINGER"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows application to use SurfaceFlinger low-level features.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read frame buffer"
name="android.permission.READ_FRAME_BUFFER"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows application to read the content of the frame buffer.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="permanently disable phone"
name="android.permission.BRICK"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the application to disable the entire phone permanently. This is very dangerous.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="force phone reboot"
name="android.permission.REBOOT"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows the application to force the phone to reboot.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="power phone on or off"
name="android.permission.DEVICE_POWER"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the application to turn the phone on or off.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="run in factory test mode"
name="android.permission.FACTORY_TEST"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Run as a low-level manufacturer test, allowing complete access to the phone hardware. Only available when a phone is running in manufacturer test mode.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="send package removed broadcast"
name="android.permission.BROADCAST_PACKAGE_REMOVED"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to broadcast a notification that an application package has been removed. Malicious applications may use this to kill any other running application.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="send SMS-received broadcast"
name="android.permission.BROADCAST_SMS"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.MESSAGES"
description="Allows an application to broadcast a notification that an SMS message has been received. Malicious applications may use this to forge incoming SMS messages.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="send WAP-PUSH-received broadcast"
name="android.permission.BROADCAST_WAP_PUSH"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.MESSAGES"
description="Allows an application to broadcast a notification that a WAP PUSH message has been received. Malicious applications may use this to forge MMS message receipt or to silently replace the content of any web page with malicious variants.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="reset system to factory defaults"
name="android.permission.MASTER_CLEAR"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to completely reset the system to its factory settings, erasing all data, configuration, and installed applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="directly call any phone numbers"
name="android.permission.CALL_PRIVILEGED"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows the application to call any phone number, including emergency numbers, without your intervention. Malicious applications may place unnecessary and illegal calls to emergency services.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="directly start CDMA phone setup"
name="android.permission.PERFORM_CDMA_PROVISIONING"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows the application to start CDMA provisioning. Malicious applications may unnecessarily start CDMA provisioning">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="control location update notifications"
name="android.permission.CONTROL_LOCATION_UPDATES"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows enabling/disabling location update notifications from the radio. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="access checkin properties"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_CHECKIN_PROPERTIES"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows read/write access to properties uploaded by the checkin service. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="update component usage statistics"
name="android.permission.PACKAGE_USAGE_STATS"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows the modification of collected component usage statistics. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="modify battery statistics"
name="android.permission.BATTERY_STATS"
protectionLevel="0"
description="Allows the modification of collected battery statistics. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="control system backup and restore"
name="android.permission.BACKUP"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows the application to control the system's backup and restore mechanism. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="confirm a full backup or restore operation"
name="android.permission.CONFIRM_FULL_BACKUP"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the application to launch the full backup confirmation UI. Not to be used by any application.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="bind to a widget service"
name="android.permission.BIND_REMOTEVIEWS"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows the holder to bind to the top-level interface of a widget service. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="choose widgets"
name="android.permission.BIND_APPWIDGET"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.PERSONAL_INFO"
description="Allows the application to tell the system which widgets can be used by which application. With this permission, applications can give access to personal data to other applications. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="change background data usage setting"
name="android.permission.CHANGE_BACKGROUND_DATA_SETTING"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS"
description="Allows an application to change the background data usage setting.">
 </permission>
  <permission
name="android.permission.GLOBAL_SEARCH"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS">
 </permission>
  <permission
name="android.permission.GLOBAL_SEARCH_CONTROL"
protectionLevel="2"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS">
 </permission>
  <permission
name="android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER_COMPONENT"
protectionLevel="3"
permissionGroup="android.permission-group.SYSTEM_TOOLS">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="access the cache filesystem"
name="android.permission.ACCESS_CACHE_FILESYSTEM"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to read and write the cache filesystem.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="Allows to invoke default container service to copy content. Not for use by normal applications."
name="android.permission.COPY_PROTECTED_DATA"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows to invoke default container service to copy content. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
name="android.permission.CRYPT_KEEPER"
protectionLevel="3">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="read historical network usage"
name="android.permission.READ_NETWORK_USAGE_HISTORY"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows an application to read historical network usage for specific networks and applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="manage network policy"
name="android.permission.MANAGE_NETWORK_POLICY"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows an application to manage network policies and define application-specific rules.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="modify network usage accounting"
name="android.permission.MODIFY_NETWORK_ACCOUNTING"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows modification of how network usage is accounted against applications. Not for use by normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <permission
name="android.intent.category.MASTER_CLEAR.permission.C2D_MESSAGE"
protectionLevel="2">
 </permission>
  <uses-permission
name="android.intent.category.MASTER_CLEAR.permission.C2D_MESSAGE">
 </uses-permission>
  <permission
label="verify packages"
name="android.permission.PACKAGE_VERIFICATION_AGENT"
protectionLevel="3"
description="Allows the application to verify a package is installable.">
 </permission>
  <permission
label="bind to a package verifier"
name="android.permission.BIND_PACKAGE_VERIFIER"
protectionLevel="2"
description="Allows the holder to make requests of package verifiers. Should never be needed for normal applications.">
 </permission>
  <uses-permission
name="android.permission.CONFIRM_FULL_BACKUP">
 </uses-permission>
  <application
label="Android System"
icon="res/drawable-mdpi/ic_launcher_android.png"
allowClearUserData="false"
hasCode="false"
persistent="true"
process="system"
backupAgent="com.android.server.SystemBackupAgent"
killAfterRestore="false">
   <activity
theme="@16974588"
name="com.android.internal.app.ChooserActivity"
multiprocess="true"
excludeFromRecents="true"
finishOnCloseSystemDialogs="true">
    <intent-filter>
     <action
name="android.intent.action.CHOOSER">
    </action>
     <category
name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT">
    </category>
   </intent-filter>
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16973935"
label="Switch applications?"
name="com.android.internal.app.HeavyWeightSwitcherActivity"
process=":ui"
excludeFromRecents="true"
finishOnCloseSystemDialogs="true">
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16973920"
name="com.android.internal.app.PlatLogoActivity"
process=":ui">
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16973909"
name="com.android.internal.app.DisableCarModeActivity"
process=":ui"
excludeFromRecents="true">
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16974588"
name="com.android.internal.app.RingtonePickerActivity"
process=":ui"
multiprocess="true"
excludeFromRecents="true">
    <intent-filter>
     <action
name="android.intent.action.RINGTONE_PICKER">
    </action>
     <category
name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT">
    </category>
   </intent-filter>
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16973935"
label="Select an account"
name="android.accounts.ChooseAccountActivity"
exported="true"
process=":ui"
excludeFromRecents="true">
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16973944"
label="Select an account"
name="android.accounts.ChooseTypeAndAccountActivity"
exported="true"
process=":ui"
excludeFromRecents="true">
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16973944"
label="Select an account"
name="android.accounts.ChooseAccountTypeActivity"
process=":ui"
excludeFromRecents="true">
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16973943"
name="android.accounts.GrantCredentialsPermissionActivity"
exported="true"
process=":ui"
excludeFromRecents="true">
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16973935"
label="Delete limit exceeded"
name="android.content.SyncActivityTooManyDeletes"
process=":ui">
  </activity>
   <activity
name="com.android.server.ShutdownActivity"
permission="android.permission.SHUTDOWN"
excludeFromRecents="true">
    <intent-filter>
     <action
name="android.intent.action.ACTION_REQUEST_SHUTDOWN">
    </action>
     <category
name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT">
    </category>
   </intent-filter>
    <intent-filter>
     <action
name="android.intent.action.REBOOT">
    </action>
     <category
name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT">
    </category>
   </intent-filter>
  </activity>
   <activity
theme="@16974588"
name="com.android.internal.app.NetInitiatedActivity"
process=":ui"
excludeFromRecents="true">
  </activity>
   <receiver
name="com.android.server.BootReceiver">
    <intent-filter>
     <action
name="android.intent.action.BOOT_COMPLETED">
    </action>
   </intent-filter>
  </receiver>
   <receiver
name="com.android.server.MasterClearReceiver"
permission="android.permission.MASTER_CLEAR"
priority="100">
    <intent-filter>
     <action
name="android.intent.action.MASTER_CLEAR">
    </action>
     <action
name="com.google.android.c2dm.intent.RECEIVE">
    </action>
     <category
name="android.intent.category.MASTER_CLEAR">
    </category>
   </intent-filter>
  </receiver>
   <service
name="com.android.internal.os.storage.ExternalStorageFormatter"
permission="android.permission.MASTER_CLEAR"
exported="true">
  </service>
 </application>
</manifest>